Add sample for auxiliary header (#35097)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/resourcemanager/Azure.ResourceManager/samples/Sample4_MultiTenant.md

> Example: Authenticate across tenants

Reviewer: This example is not only about authenticate across tenants (the virtual network peering part), could we change the title to emphasize that? Or separate that to another example.
I believe, to enable the `cross-tenant authentication`, we only need the policy, put it in options and use it to create a `ArmClient` and we have done the "cross tenant authentication".
The rest part is an example for "how cross tenant resources work", not the authentication itself

Author: Removed irrelevant part

--------------------------------------
For this example, you need the following namespaces:
```C# Snippet:MultiTenant_Namespaces
using System;
using System.Threading.Tasks;
using Azure.Core;
using Azure.Identity;
using Azure.ResourceManager.Network;
```

> Indorder to test for multi tenant, you will need to setup service principal for another tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to test for multi-tenant, you will need to setup a service principal for another tenant.
```

Author: Fixed

1. Enable multi tenant on your SPN.
2. Add the redirect URL under the web (not single page application), e.g. https://www.microsoft.com
3. Using following link to add SPN to tenant2:
    https://login.microsoftonline.com/<Tenant2_ID>/oauth2/authorize?client_id=<Client_ID>&response_type=code&redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.microsoft.com%2F
4. Give enough permission for the SPN in both tenants/subscriptions.
5. Set related environment variables to your machine.

Following code uses Virtual Network Peering to demonstrate how to authenticate across tenants

***Create a pipeline policy***

```C# Snippet:Sample_Header_Policy
using System;
using Azure.Core;
using Azure.Core.Pipeline;

namespace Azure.ResourceManager.Tests.Samples

> {

Reviewer: in the samples I believe we could remove the namespace

Author: Fixed

    public class AuxiliaryPoilcy : HttpPipelineSynchronousPolicy
    {
        private static String AUTHORIZATION_AUXILIARY_HEADER = "x-ms-authorization-auxiliary";

>         private string Token { get; set; }

Reviewer: we do not need a property since it is private. how about just a field `_token`

Author: Fixed

        public AuxiliaryPoilcy(string token)
        {
            Token = token;
        }

        public override void OnSendingRequest(HttpMessage message)
        {
            string token = "Bearer " + Token;
            if (!message.Request.Headers.TryGetValue(AUTHORIZATION_AUXILIARY_HEADER, out _))
            {
                message.Request.Headers.Add(AUTHORIZATION_AUXILIARY_HEADER, token);
            }
        }
    }
}
```

***Authenticate the client and add token to the header***

```C# Snippet:MultiTenant_CreateVirtualNetworkPeering
string clientId = Environment.GetEnvironmentVariable("CLIENT_ID");
string clientSecret = Environment.GetEnvironmentVariable("CLIENT_SECRET");
string tenantId01 = Environment.GetEnvironmentVariable("TENANT_ID_01");
string tenantId02 = Environment.GetEnvironmentVariable("TENANT_ID_02");
string subscriptionId01 = Environment.GetEnvironmentVariable("SUBSCRIPTION_ID_01");
string subscriptionId02 = Environment.GetEnvironmentVariable("SUBSCRIPTION_ID_02");

// Prepare client and policy for tenant01

> var cred = new ClientSecretCredential(tenantId02, clientId, clientSecret);

Reviewer: Could we name this `credForTenant02` maybe?
The other one we name it like `credForTenant01`?

Author: Fixed

var token = (await cred.GetTokenAsync(new Azure.Core.TokenRequestContext(
        new[] { "https://management.azure.com/.default" }))).Token;
var options = new ArmClientOptions();
var headerPolicy = new AuxiliaryPoilcy(token);
options.AddPolicy(headerPolicy, HttpPipelinePosition.PerCall);

> var client = new ArmClient(new ClientSecretCredential(tenantId01, clientId, clientSecret), subscriptionId01, options);

Reviewer: Let us extract this `new ClientSecretCredential` out to a local variable to be clear.

Author: Fixed

{
    RemoteVirtualNetworkId = new ResourceIdentifier("/subscriptions/<SUBSCRIPTION_ID_02>/resourceGroups/sdktestrg02/providers/Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/sdktest02")
};
var peer01 = (await vnet.GetVirtualNetworkPeerings().CreateOrUpdateAsync(WaitUntil.Completed, "peer001", data)).Value;

// Prepare client and policy for tenant02
cred = new ClientSecretCredential(tenantId01, clientId, clientSecret);
token = (await cred.GetTokenAsync(new Azure.Core.TokenRequestContext(
        new[] { "https://management.azure.com/.default" }))).Token;
options = new ArmClientOptions();
headerPolicy = new AuxiliaryPoilcy(token);
options.AddPolicy(headerPolicy, HttpPipelinePosition.PerCall);
client = new ArmClient(new ClientSecretCredential(tenantId02, clientId, clientSecret), subscriptionId02, options);

rg = (await client.GetDefaultSubscriptionAsync().Result.GetResourceGroups().GetAsync("sdktestrg02")).Value;
vnet = (await rg.GetVirtualNetworks().GetAsync("sdktest02")).Value;
data = new VirtualNetworkPeeringData()
{
    RemoteVirtualNetworkId = new ResourceIdentifier("/subscriptions/<SUBSCRIPTION_ID_01>/resourceGroups/sdktestrg01/providers/Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/sdktest01")
};

> var peer02 = (await vnet.GetVirtualNetworkPeerings().CreateOrUpdateAsync(WaitUntil.Completed, "peer002", data)).Value;

Reviewer: What is this piece of code trying to demonstrate?
I believe this is irrelevant with the authentication but it is some real cross-tenant use cases?

Author: Removed
